Version 3.1.2.3 (2010-05-07)
	Fixed bug where Gecko browsers would produce a strange exception some times while editing images.
Version 3.1.2.2 (2010-03-08)
	Fixed bug where Silverlight uploader failed to upload chunked contents.
Version 3.1.2.1 (2010-03-05)
	Fixed bug where tools where not disabled in the Uploaded plugin.
	Fixed bug where you could not remove an item from Uploaded plugin.
	Fixed bug where uploads would fail if there was chunking in Flash/Silverlight.
	Fixed bug where Plupload was leaking memory in Flash and Silverlight.
Version 3.1.2 (2010-03-03)
	Added a plugin called "Uploaded" where its possible to view your own latest uploaded files.
	Added plupload as the upload runtime. Plupload has more runtimes such as BrowserPlus and Google Gears.
	Added support for dynamic image resizing, the upload.formats can now have * as witdh/height.
	Fixed so the current view mode is saved in a cookie.
	Fixed bug where focus wasn't properly handled on IE 8.
Version 3.1.1.5 (2010-01-10)
	Fixed scale bug where scaling was done even if the width/height was the same size as the configured one.
	Fixed bug where Flash wasn't transparent in WebKit again.
Version 3.1.1.4 (2009-11-26)
	Fixed issues with PHP 5.3.0 it will now set default time zone and check for set_magic_quotes_runtime support.
	Fixed strict runtime issues it's now compatible with strict mode.
Version 3.1.1.3 (2009-11-16)
	Fixed bug where upload wouldn't work correctly on IE using Flash runtime.
Version 3.1.1.2 (2009-10-20)
	Fixed the JoomlaAuthenticator so that it works correctly with Joomla 1.5.14.
	Fixed security issue if register globals was enabled, this is mostly disabled on hosts these days anyway.
	Fixed bug where the custom.thumbnail_url wouldn't get the configured preview.urlprefix.
Version 3.1.1.1 (2009-09-14)
	Fixed Drupal authentication issue. Where sessions couldn't be accessed below the drupal root.
Version 3.1.1 (2009-09-09)
	Fixed so the magic_quotes_runtime is automatically disabled.
	Added a new imagemanager_contextmenu option to enable the possibility to disable the context menu.
	Fixed bug where the imagemanager couldn't update the image path if you edited it using the context menu.
Version 3.1.0.7.1 (2009-03-30)
	Fixed bug where the multiple upload function wouldn't work properly on IE and using Flash.
Version 3.1.0.7 (2009-03-25)
	Fixed bug where IE 8 was crashing when clicking on folder names.
	Fixed bug where flv and flash movies wasn't displayed due to changes to SWFObject in the last release.
Version 3.1.0.6 (2009-03-23)
	Added support for downloading images by clicking the image context menu.
	Fixed issue where the whole image couldn't be clicked to insert.
	Fixed bug where image rotation/flip previews would look strange on alpha transparent PNG files.
	Fixed bug where image rotation of 270 degrees would produce invalid results.
	Fixed bug where manipulating alpha transparent PNG files would fail to retain the transparency.
	Fixed bug where editing of images wouldn't function in IE 8. Due to a browser crash.
	Fixed bug where the thumbnail.insert option wasn't working properly.
Version 3.1.0.5 (2009-01-22)
	Added new custom_query option. To enable you to add custom query parameters to initial page request.
	Fixed so that the upload form closes automatically if all files was uploaded correctly.
	Fixed bug where a request to menu_icons.gif where produced and it produced a 404 web server error.
	Fixed bug where the item config in the session collection would be overwritten if register_globals where enabled in php.ini.
	Fixed bug where inserting links would fail the second time if the inlinepopups wasn't used in TinyMCE.
	Fixed bug where the Flash uploader was sending an incorrect application/x-www-form-urlencoded content type.
	Fixed bug where the ExternalAuthenticator would add double port numbers.
	Fixed bug where a multiple path value for the session override of the filesystem.rootpath item would fail.
	Fixed bug where opening a standalone instance while having TinyMCE on the same page would produce incorrect callback results.
	Fixed bug where the remove_script_host option wouldn't work correctly.
Version 3.1.0.4 (2008-11-27)
	Fixed bug where the Flash uploader was compiled with debugging on.
	Fixed bug where downloading of files with spaces didn't work correctly.
	Fixed bug where it wouldn't load correctly correctly in old TinyMCE 2.x versions.
	Fixed bug where filter wouldn't be applied on IE when the user pressed enter.
	Fixed bug auto resizing of uploaded images would fail if the files where over 1MB.
Version 3.1.0.3 (2008-11-20)
	Fixed bug where inline dialogs wasn't opened correctly when loading the product cross domain.
	Fixed bug where it was returning incorrect content-encoding headers.
	Fixed bug where the multiple upload feature didn't work correctly when * was used for the valid extensions settings.
	Fixed bug where language packs wasn't loading correctly when TinyMCE was compressed using the gzip compressor.
	Fixed bug where switching from ImageManager to FileManager would fail some times when used with TinyMCE.
Version 3.1.0.2 (2008-11-13)
	Added new possibility to have a custom function for the imagemanager_insert_template option.
	Added new imagemanager_contextmenu option that enables you to disable the contextmenu addons for TinyMCE.
	Fixed bug where the combination of Google Gears and images larger then the chunk size would fail.
	Fixed bug where errors passed back from the server would be ignored by the Google gears implementation.
	Fixed bug where the file upload progress bar wasn't moving if upload errors occured.
	Fixed bug where domain relaxing didn't work when TinyMCE and the ImageManager was loaded from another domain.
	Fixed bug where the preview.urlprefix host wouldn't get applied correctly to output.
	Fixed bug where edit and view dialogs would be scrollable if the page was scrollable.
	Fixed bug where the resize tool would produce a move cursor in the edit dialog.
	Fixed bug where switching page size wouldn't take the user to the first page.
Version 3.1.0.1 (2008-11-10)
	Fixed bug where it wasn't possible to override the preview.wwwroot and preview.urlprefix settings with mc_access files.
	Fixed bug with notice messages for missing items when using display_errors on.
	Fixed bug where it wasn't possible to load TinyMCE and the imagemanager plugin from another sub domain.
	Fixed bug where scrollbars wouldn't appear for native windows when used with TinyMCE.
	Fixed bug where it was impossible to enable remember_last_path by default.
	Fixed bug where the upload.chunk_size option didn't work correctly.
	Fixed bug where the onchange event wasn't fired as it was before when form items was changed by a browse call.
	Fixed bug where the category list and special folders list where separated by an odd margin in IE.
	Fixed so it's possible to see the current upload runtime when enablig the general.debug option.
Version 3.1 (2008-11-06)
	Fixed bug where the toolbar would get a trailing focus rectangle on Gecko.
	Fixed bug with using the imagemanager on a non default http port.
	Fixed bug where the directory list wasn't refreshed if you using the refresh button.
	Fixed bug where progress of listing directories didn't work.
	Fixed bug where there could be a double scroll when you had to many directories.
	Fixed bug where sorting was incorrect on non Windows operating systems.
	Fixed bug where the ClientResources class would produce an error due to an invalid regexp.
	Fixed bug where IE would scroll the page down if you clicked the "basic upload" link.
	Fixed bug where single upload didn't work correctly.
	Fixed so all new integration callback functions have a file object.
Version 3.1b2 (2008-10-30)
	Added new confirm message to edit dialog if the user didn't save the image before closing the dialog.
	Added new paging buttons and input. This new UI works better if you have a huge amount of images in one directory.
	Added new edit.format option. Enables you to update format images when you edit the original image.
	Added new filesystem.delete_format_images. Enables you to control if format images is to be deleted if the original is deleted.
	Added new disabled_tools js option enables you to disable specific tools from page level or TinyMCE.
	Added new tools js option enables you specify tools from page level or TinyMCE.
	Fixed bug where the first page size wasn't correct. It displayed one item less that expected.
	Fixed bug where it wasn't possible to override general.language using an external authenticator.
	Fixed bug an JS exception was thown when changing page, due to a call to preventDefault.
	Fixed bug where keepAlive handler was missing. It will not hit the backend each 5 minutes.
	Fixed bug where Gecko browsers would produce an traling focus border for toolbar items.
	Fixed bug where directory path would be on two lines if it was very long.
	Fixed bug where loading the xml resource files would break on some PHP installations.
	Fixed bug where add file action wasn't executed when multiple files where uploaded.
	Fixed bug where upload.format wasn't applied when multiple files where uploaded.
	Fixed bug where it wasn't possible to override path and rootpath settings from TinyMCE init.
	Fixed bug where rootpath names didn't work when specified in javascript options.
	Fixed bug where directory listing wasn't rooted if rootpath was specified using the javascript options.
	Fixed bug where the upload dialog produced a vertical scrollbar on IE.
	Fixed bug where images would be inserted to beginning of editor instances on IE.
	Fixed bug where scrolling of thumbnails didn't work correctly in IE.
	Fixed bug where singe file uploads wasn't working correctly.
	Fixed bug where native windows wasn't move to top.
	Fixed bug where upload with upper case extensions would fail.
	Fixed bug where filter input was case sensitive.
	Fixed bug where filter wouldn't move the user to the first page.
	Replaced upload.replace_diacritics with filesystem.clean_names. To make it more general and also take care of whitespace.
	Optimized file listing logic by 600%. The sorting was improved by sorting by the file names first and then creating file instances.
Version 3.1b1 (2008-10-23)
	Added new multiple file upload uses Flash, Google Gears and Silverlight. Chunks large files by default.
	Added new API for client side plugin logic. You can now add menu items, dialogs and buttons from plugins.
	Added new resources.xml file for all themes and plugins. These are used to compress and concat js and css files.
	Added new support for live preview of resize, flip and rotate in image editor.
	Added new support for file and directory filtering from page level.
